Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we are going to talk about something known as context read and context watch, which
is a substitute to this.
Now, what we can do is we can get rid of this and instead of this, we can use context and dothe.
Weird.
And as well over here, we have to specify it is a type of card provider and now we can say dots two
to.
And this is a double.
So now we have to convert this to a string by saying dot to.
Or we can just say dots to string as fields.
And over here, we're going to pass into to have that additional zero different grammar.
And what we have to do is to hold restart this.
Archery starting.
All three starting.
But with that, he does have to wait a bit for this.
Okay.
And it's going to be hard to start this up and.
Log in.
And my colleague famous G.M. dot com and password so would be messy and just going to take on this to
be sure it is correct.
It is correct.
Okay.
And now let's try to hard.
IT products to our cards.
We're going to have this product and had two cards and you can see currently we have already had this
currently and click on this and you can see the price of the other product is $300 and you can see currently
we have the total price and it says $300.
Now click on this.
Okay.
I think we have just one item for this product.
So I'm going to have another product you can see.
One piece is available in stock so we can't order what the seller does not have.
We can click on this and we have eight pieces for this and how to cut.
Okay.
And currently you can see it got updated over here.
And this is where the problem is.
Click on this increment.
You can see we incremented the quantity to two.
But the.
The two surprise serial males.
7.9.
I'm just going to click on this again.
Look, you can see we incremented the quantity to three.
That is, we need three of this particular product, but yet the price still remains and seven, nine,
nine.
And the reason for this is because we said contest that read.
So we are only able to read data.
We are not going to be able to update or write data, right?
So instead of read, we are then going to talk about something known as contest dot wash.
So get rid of this read and we are going to say contest that watch and get rid of this parenthesis.
Okay.
And how to start this now.
I'm basically showing you this in case you see it in other tutorials or any other place is is basically
the same as the provider of contests and so on.
On.
And my colleague.
That you made to come and.
Slogan.
Okay.
And.
We can try this out now and click on this.
Add to cart and go check it out.
And now click on this.
You can see.
It got updated every time.
And the reason for this is because we're using this watch.
And what this would basically do is to watch for any updates.
We are doing okay.
As the name implies and I think we have just to pieces for this item.
We're just going to try with this.
And we have eight pieces for this item.
And you can see click on this.
You can see is watching for the updates we are making and it is updating it real time.
Okay.
And instead of using this watch, this is too similar.
Get rid of this and I'm going to show you this now and provider.
That contest.
Dot.
So we also do have to specify it's a type of word card provider.
And the shorter price and we have to convert this to.
To string as fixed and for the fraction of it to and hardest.
Okay.
And you can see this as this type contest.
Contest.
I'm just going to commit this.
Comment and.
Contest.
Contest dots what the tweet.
And.
Okay.
Card provider.
That's the total price.
Dot dot.
So string as fixed.
Okay.
Into.
You can see both us same.
Right.
Okay.
Then you can see this again.
We're going to comment this out again.
Well, I'm just going to.
Okay.
I'm just going to copy this.
And -- and I'm going to commit this.
And watch.
Okay.
Get rid of this and I'm going to copy this.
And his this year.
And I'm going to commit this and we turn this contest.
Within the context.
Yes, we can then say Liston is equal to ture.
Okay.
This.
Is this over here.
And this over here is same thing.
Right.
And this over here.
The same.
Right.
Okay.
In order for us to update the data every time we are using the watch.
Right.
We are using the DOD watch in order to listen for data and update it in real time.
In order for us not to update data real time, we are then going to use the real.
Right.
Okay.
Same thing for the provider, that of Cortez, if you want to update it every time you have to pass
the listing, as the name implies, it's going to listing for data, right?
And you have to set it to true.
Else if you don't want to listen to data, you have to set this to force.
Right.
So it's going to be the same thing with what we have over here.
Okay.
And currently, you can see.
This is what we have.
Just this.
Okay.
What are we missing?
Get rid of this.
And you can see correctly, this is what we have.
So this is equivalent to the contest not revealed.
And you can see correctly, we are not passing the list then.
And that is because we are within the test.
We jets.
And since we are within the test, we judge it is automatically going to set it to true.
So we have something similar.
We have something like this behind the scene.
Right.
So this is basically the same.
This is basically the same thing as the contest that watch.
Right.
But if we are not within the test within a widget, you can see this is a widget.
We are within a widget.
Right.
But if we are not within a widget, we then have to specify as we want to do it over within this function.
We must then specify the list, then we must either turn it to we must turn it to false and not true
because we are outside the we are outside a widget.
Right.
And hopefully understand.
But what you just have to take in for this lecture is.
The substitute.
For this.
Is the contest, though, to watch in that sort of data the real time you know that's update the data
are real time and the substitute for this.
For this f four.
This is the opposite of what the contest dealt with.
Okay.
Now, let's just say since we have settled to force and see what's going to happen, we just have to
try to learn more of all this.
Okay.
And click on this.
I'm just going to start this.
They can and.
You can see the set list and it's going to be equal to force.
And hopefully we have.
No errors and open to minor.
Okay.
Thus when.
Log in and.
My colleague.
Give me all that.
Come.
The MSI Click Login.
Okay.
And let's try to have a product to our cloth.
This click on the hard.
Okay.
How did.
And in comment you can see it is not incremented.
Right click on it again.
You can see it is not incrementing.
We are updating the quantity over here but we are not incrementing the total price and that is because
we set listing to say force.
That is, we do not want to list in for any data.
Right.
Okay.
So this is equivalent to the contest that we are holding.
Won't be we only want to be able to read data.
We don't want to be able to update that data.
Right.
And then the.
The list and equal to true is same thing as the.
The same thing as the.
Contest.
Watch.
And like I said default since we are within the widgets, you can see currently we are within the test
with that.
Right.
So we really do not need to pass in this list and because default is going to automatically pass this
list in for us or we can just pass it to make it more clear and auto start this again to see.
Hopefully we have no errors.
It's hard to start this and we are just going to try this and I'm going to let you go.
Okay.
It's going to hard to start this up now and.
Sign up and log in.
My colleague, Ms..
G.M. dot com.
And the password.
Is being g-a-y messy and I'm going to click on log in.
Okay.
This and the cards can see it has been updated and click on this and you can see in as expected because
we are listing for the updates.
Okay.
And anyone you think it's more easier for you, you can go with that.
You can either go with the contest or to watch.
In order to update your data real time.
Or you can either go with the provider of contests and maybe you can pass in the list and to true anyone.
You think it's more convenient or more understandable to you, you can go with it.
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.